can you make it so that if i set transparency to 100, that all the transparency logic isn't processed at all, and the wm instead renders a regular RGB bar, skipping argb and 32 bits and all that? this is to avoid any unneeded computational processing when the user doesn't want transparency to begin with.

can you please make it so that the entire bar isn't re-rendered every time i switch focus between windows? i want only the title segment to be updated, and specifically, only the text it displays. if there's no focus, display no text and make the bar look as its background color, but by default, make this segment's color the focused color. this way, with each window re-focus, the bar's background color doesn't flicker between its unfocused and focused colors quickly, even if i am switching from one window to another.

can you please implement some sort of mechanism that make it so that the bar looks proportionally the same regardless of the resolution? for example, if i use a 1920x1080 display, the font of the bar looks significantly bigger, and the workspace widths do so too, as well as the separation between the dfferent modules/segments of the bar. i'd like to implement some sort of system which measures the display's resolution and takes it into consideration, multiplying these variables by some sort of factor that normalizes the size of these elements, regardless of 

when hovering over a window while creating another one will result in the cursor hovering a mouse that doesn't have focus. this is actually intended behavior, since if i open a terminal quickly, i don't want to reposition my mouse cursor just for that. however, i'd like to make it so that, if with this mouse cursor positioned on an unfocused window, if i click onto this unfocused window, for it to gain focus, so that i don't have to awkwardly move my mouse away and back to the unfocused window for it to gain focus.

fibonacci
bspwm leaf layout
if window is higher than it is wider, slice it in half, leaving a top and bottom window; if it is wider than higher, slice it in half, leaving a left and right window).

mod + middle click mouse makes an individual window go from tiling to floating, and viceversa, if it's floating on tiled mode, tile it.

add an option in config that's an array where one can set all the active tiling layouts; if commented out or not set, add all layouts found by default.

when opening a window, fullscreening into it, and then killing it, bar remains hidden, even though i'm no longer fullscreened on anything. can you please make it so that this doesn't happen?

"modern" layout: bar at the top, workspaces at the middle, date at the right, system resources at the left, and big spacing in-between (don't make it expanding, but instead static, where each segment is bound to left/right/center, and any gap that remains, remains a gap, isn't filled.)

add a colors/ dir to set color themes

keep track of the focused window before the currently focused, make it so that Mod+Tab switches focus between both of them
make mod+shift+tab swap current focused window to master if it's a slave, and to slave if it's a master.
make it so that one window can belong to more than one workspace (tag-based window workspaces)
make it so that if theres any duplicate keys, the program doesn't just crash, but it does both defined commands when this one bind is pressed, so that one can define multiple things for one single bind.

make a new themes dir inside src/ where color themes will be defined as .toml files, and will simply be fused with config.toml when being parsed. we can make it so that we can still define colors in config.toml this way, but if not defined in config.toml, pull them from the theme, which we define similarly to how we define the custom tiling layout now. (theme = "xresources" # or something like this))
make a color theme that pulls in the xresources colors and makes a theme with them.

if config.toml doesnt exist at current dir, check on ~/.config/hana/config.toml, and then continue with the current logic; if that file doesnt exist either, proceed as normal with defaults.
make a defaults config file instead of hard-coding defaults inside .zig files. if fails to read from config.toml, read from this "defaults.zig" file, which is like a replica of config.zig but with the default config, visual appearance and binds for the program.

move input.zig inside a new input directory and separate out the keyboard from mouse code by moving all the mouse logic to a new file mouse.zig
(give feedback first before implementation; i want to know if this is a good idea, or if it can be modified in any way) move files like toml.zig, xkbcommon.zig, tiling_types.zig and similar to a new categorized directory. the reasoning is that i feel like these files all have something in common, these are all sort of "libraries" for other files, im unsure how to group them together but i still think it makes logical sense to do so, im unsure about the name to group them with too but im sure theres a good name. would this be a good idea? or would it be better to leave as it is now?...

BIG FEATURES (avoid for now)
bar (code some sort of bar) that contains the workspaces at the left side, a clock at the right, and the focused window's title in the middle
make it so that mod+space swaps between layouts, and add a visual indicator to the right of the workspaces indicators for the different layouts
make the different segments of the bar arrangeable and customizable from config
make it so that window title shown in bar, if its too long and doesnt fit in the bar, that it scrolls continuously to the left. take for example templeOS by terry davis, it also has this same functionality.
(when finished) replace auto module detection for binding to manual, for core files (if possible, separate dependency definitions from build.zig)
(when finished) for the remaining files that are inside the src/ dir and aren't in core, make it so that if there's a subdirectory within a directory (ex. src/modules/tiling/layouts subdir in src/modules/tiling dir), make it so that all files inside this subdir are binded to the dir. this way we can easily manage dependencies without explicitly writing them out on build.zig, allowing for easier customization (seamless drag'n'drop files and organization by simply making folders) for non-core files
translate all dwm binds from config.h to my config.toml
add fibonacci layout (purely for the novelty)
add a keybind to make layout be from vertical to horizontal (so master which would be at left is now at up and slaves are at the bottom half. be clever at programming this so that we don't have to write an entirely new layout just for this)
some sort of window animations? though this is crazy work, do it at the very end

general improvements:
move all error and logging logic to error_handling.zig and logging.zig respectively
write all "///" and "//!" comments for functions that aren't commented yet; comment anything else that might benefit from being commented (things that are terse or unobvious upon sight-reading). make sure to be brief in comments and not over-explain things, as overly long comments tend to be counter-productive for readability.
abstract any potentially abstractable code by making functions that make it so that we don't repeat code logic as much as possible
simplify any code by re-coding it in a more elegant way that makes it shorter code or more optimal
increase wm's performance by optimizing its different processes (check out projects like tinywm or others, which accomplish an entire working wm so minimalistically that it is a super optimized experience; try to find any such optimizations on my large codebase)
make window manager lighter in memory (though without sacrificing any functionality or performance or stuff)
